Add text-only 'Setup SSO with Google' guide (#37)
EMnify/Documentation: README.adoc

The final step is to verify the provider. SSO will not be configured until you complete this step. Click on *Verify Integration* and follow the prompts.
image:sso_verify_s17.png[verify the sso provider]

=== Setup SSO with Google

*Prerequisites:*

> * A Google account

Author: Wrote you on Slack to ask about details, but adding your response here for posterity: 

> You need to have a user within a Google Cloud Platform organisation 🙂  The normal Google accounts will not work, as this is would be a social login and we do not support that

Great catch - I'll update the pre-reqs now 😇

Log in with your Google account and navigate to the link:https://console.developers.google.com/apis/dashboard[APIs & Services dashboard]. 

Select your organization's project for managing OAuth credentials for EMnify. 

If you don't already have a designated project, create one with the following steps:

. Click `New Project`
. If prompted, agree to the terms of service.
. Enter a *Project name* (e.g., `EMnify SSO`) and *Location*
. Click `Create`, then you should land on the *Enabled APIs & Services* page.
. In the APIs & Services navigation bar, click `OAuth consent screen`.
. Choose the link:https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/10311615#user-type[User Type] for your project.
. Specify app information about EMnify (*App Name*, *User support email*, and *Developer contact information* are necessary, but all other fields are optional)
. (Optional) Define any *Scopes* or *Test Users*
. Click `Save and Continue` to proceed.
. Navigate to the Summary screen, review your settings, and click `Back to Dashboard`

===== Get an OAuth Client ID and Secret

Use the *Credentials* option to retrieve the OAuth client ID and secret that you'll enter into the EMnify portal.

> . Head to `Credentials` in the APIs & Services navigation bar
> . Click `+ Create Credentials` (on the top next to the page header), then select the `OAuth client ID` option.
> . In the *Application type* list, select *Web application*.
> . Enter a *Name* (e.g., `EMnify Portal` or `Enterprise Portal`)
> . Set an *Authorized redirect URI* with the value: `https://prod-e5.okta.com/oauth2/v1/authorize/callback`
> . Click `Create` and wait for the *OAuth client created* modal to appear.
> . Copy the displayed values (you'll need them later) or download the provided JSON 

Reviewer: Same as above. 
Note: I'm omitting the final period on the 5th item to avoid confusion about whether or not it is part of the URL.
```suggestion
. Head to `Credentials` in the APIs & Services navigation bar.
. Click `+ Create Credentials` (on the top next to the page header), then select the `OAuth client ID` option.
. In the *Application type* list, select *Web application*.
. Enter a *Name* (e.g., `EMnify Portal` or `Enterprise Portal`).
. Set an *Authorized redirect URI* with the value: `https://prod-e5.okta.com/oauth2/v1/authorize/callback`
. Click `Create` and wait for the *OAuth client created* modal to appear.
. Copy the displayed values (you'll need them later) or download the provided JSON.
```

TIP: You can access your client ID and secret at any time in your Google Cloud Platform console on the *Credentials* page.

==== Configure the EMnify Portal

> . Log in to your EMnify account
> . Go to *Organization Settings* (building icon) in the top-level navigation and click `Single Sign-On`
> . If you need SSO enabled for your account, contact support. Otherwise, click `Add` under the Google SSO provider
> . Fill in the *Client ID* and *Client Secret* you copied earlier, then click `Create and Activate`
> . Once you're back on the Single Sign-On page of the Organization Settings, you should Google listed as a *Provider* 
> . Finally, click `Verify Integration` and follow the prompts 

Reviewer: I'm having problems following the meaning of this: 
> ... you should Google listed as a *Provider* 
It sounds like something is missing in this sentence.

Same old story for the rest:
```suggestion
. Log in to your EMnify account.
. Go to *Organization Settings* (building icon) in the top-level navigation and click `Single Sign-On`.
. If you need SSO enabled for your account, contact support. Otherwise, click `Add` under the Google SSO provider.
. Fill in the *Client ID* and *Client Secret* you copied earlier, then click `Create and Activate`.
. Once you're back on the Single Sign-On page of the *Organization Settings*, you should Google listed as a *Provider*.
. Finally, click `Verify Integration` and follow the prompts.
```

Author: Whoops yeah that should be "you should see Google listed as a Provider" - I'll update!

WARNING: You must complete the final step and verify the provider to configure SSO.

=== Troubleshooting

> If a member of your organization runs into issues while setting up SSO, use the following suggestions to help troubleshoot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your organization encounters any issues while setting up SSO, use the following suggestions to help troubleshoot.
```

Author: Not adding this to the suggestion batch as it requires reworking the structure of the bullets in this section (which I'll handle in a separate commit)

*Microsoft Active Directory*

* Are they part of the Azure Tenant?
* Do they see a ‘User canceled social login' message? Make sure the application registration is set to Multitenant.

*General*

* Are they part of the EMnify enterprise?
* Is their user account enabled on EMnify? 
* Everything looks correct but still having issues? Try again using an incognito tab.

> If everything looks correct and they still have issues, try again using an incognito tab.

Reviewer: Since this suggestion is a duplicate (more or less) of the previous line, do we need to include it?

However, this sentence has better grammar than the one on line 1696.

Author: Yeah that was my bad, I meant to remove the final bullet 🥴
